Reviewed with new guidelines for commiting changes. (#1392)
HumanCellAtlas/metadata-schema: docs/committers.md

1. **Pre-release the update.** Once the review period is over, if the update is accepted then the Committer merges the pull request into staging following the [release process](release_process.md). The update is now considered "pre-released".

## Before making changes

1. **Clone** the metadata-schema repository into your local environment (should only need to do this once).

        git clone git@github.com:HumanCellAtlas/metadata-schema

1. **Install** the following requirements:
   1. [Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
   1. [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#quick-start)

## Specific how-to for making changes

This section outlines steps for Committers to make suggested changes to the metadata schema via pull requests.

1. **Navigate** to the metadata-schema repo.

        cd metadata-schema
    
1. **Switch** to the staging branch. All suggested changes should be based on the current staging branch.

        git checkout staging

> 1. **Make** and **switch** to a new working branch from staging. Name the branch following the convention: `initials-brief-desc-of-branch-scope`. Optionally, you can tag a GitHub issue (e.g. `Issue222`) in the branch name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Make** and **switch** to a new working branch from staging. Name the branch following the convention: `initials-brief-desc-of-branch-scope`. Optionally, you can tag a GitHub issue (e.g. `dcp-222`) in the branch name.
```

Author: Why this change? Is `Issue` as a preffix not clear?

Author: @amnonkhen

>         git checkout -b mf-new-mouse-module-Issue222

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        git checkout -b mf-new-mouse-module-dcp-222
```
